Deprecate the default `EarlyStopping` callback monitor value (#7907)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated `self.log(sync_dist_op)` in favor of `self.log(reduce_fx)`. ([#7891](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7891))

> - Deprecated `monitor` argument in EarlyStopping will be required. ([#7907](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7907))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated default value of `monitor` argument in EarlyStopping callback to enforce `monitor` as a required argument ([#7907](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7907))

```
